good afternoon do you think my dear
Internet browsing channel I'm an expert
Nikolai jig our or or now I
tell you about us today
is coming
watch match mexico cameron which
I 'll get it because my time zone
o start at 10 pm and not like
yesterday at two in the morning as suddenly
peach and cameron
what a fame nationals up to in
arctic than both very strong
prefabricated cameroon and even won
once upon a time in my opinion
olympic games in some shaggy
but now they have one
The only star I understand is
death is
but he's already pretty old 33 years old
the rest are all completely unknown and
by the way one of the youngest players in
championship year 90 birth shave
saling not for 6 club small spain
This is an example
spanish example the rest all alone
negros way there
the oppression of charley tank french it
console steel hay and even even watch
nothing well different of course this song game
so no all good people are important
mexico team
there was some long haired forgot
what kind
I do not remember who catches his eyes exactly
Xavi Hernandez
and germanic is but in my boss
deficit crown one of the most but this
rappings marquis same most important
here before mexico national team mexico ale
stink up humiliating was barcelona quotas
This is mexico mexico
and what are my vaio whose speeches france don't know
what is it and what does it eat
They ask me when the chase itself
will go lanos
And this I already answered look my
another video from your height
commentator ski talent I will not right now
I repeat that I find it difficult
reply
by the way the match will start mexico camera us
at 10:45 pm
Well, tomorrow will be watch
almost for my money on sports 130 20
if you want of course russia 2 russia 1
autumn days 21 frets rooted this group
and in it roamed the company more mexico
Cameroon
but brazil and croatia are favorite i think
although I do not know medhavati mexico world he
pretty much the same team but me
no general anyway of course who
we will win there and I
if you watch my video you should
know that the championship will last up to 13
july when will be the final 20 it's per hour by
my time to watch the match what else
I can watch
but by and large I do not care for
have become a match that I can not watch from
for the fact that holds the devil on the horns
and normal people will not watch them
because normal people sleep at night
they look like it is not clear who removes
the ball on the field is the same who was engaged
football but before injury after injury i
professional sport has abandoned
only study professionally in
University is now parting review
internet expert sang a song of color
music three chords is music I do not know
what a group but we will see today
our club will dance until the morning today
all here will come here I have painted
nails under his eyes i'm as beautiful as
I'll never come early
I will in the corner light up on how
I can watch and want to learn
Budnikova I would learn three chords
after all three chords are not so few I would
was
but by what principle can i also
goodbye it was respect channel review
internet